/*
Simple concept game. work both on C++ and C# to get my skills back up again

concept.

create planets out of a file, or other media
when game starts it sets those files

planet.exe
resource.exe

it then asks for what player

players are stored ine playerName.exe
there the name for the file gives. then the players stored in players/playerName/playerData.exe
it then gets the players data back. each time a player is created, the files for the planets above are copied and trainsported in
players/playerName

this data is saved when one saves the game ONLY. not when closing the game.


seconds. data for planets is

string name
string xcordinate/ycordinate
number size
number population
number spaceports
number ships
string type
number age (when created)

string[] resources in this format

(type, name, amount, min amount, gain, gain multiplier, loss, loss multiplier, stored, max stored, max sold)

//when a planet goes over the amount, nothing happens. that resource is just lost but caluclate and store it anyway. 
could be ussefull

when the gain is calucalted by setting whats gained - loss. thats gone out or added to stored

then ship

string name
string type
string xcordinate/ycordinate
number speed
numver size
string owner
string[] all the resources aboard.
number exp

player
string name
string shipName
number coinAmount
string heading(xcordinate/ycordinate)

then data shown. when on a planet you ahve this data
- name of planet
- market (where it shows how much they sell, or what they need. for now just how much until their stores are full.)
- optioon to show map
- option to show planet list by 10 (type the number and then you go there, or else type back to go back)

everything you say is added to the playerName/log.exe
if an error occurs, like (oh too much) thats added as well and shown in the terminal.

THATS IT. after that there is nothing happening. because no time goes on.

time

each unit caluclates the movements of the ship. based on the player info
then it calculates the data from all the planets.
then it shows if you are on that splot, if so. you get the info from that planet

and thats it, between each calulation there is a 2 second wait period. so if a planet is like... 200 units away and you're at the speed of one unit
it means it takes 400 seconds or roughtly 5 1/2 minutes to get there.
during this time you can press "console" and it will get your ship console. you can then get

- cordinate location
- map of galaxy
- list of planets

and set a new heading if neccecary


plans.

- each planet has more than one resource
- better storing of data
- save option
- upgrade ships at ports
- ship level
- hazards on the map (when touched, you lose health, but there is a chance it happens. you can choose between options
what you want to do. safe option, but takes longer, fast option, but higher risk)
- meteor belt
- black hole
- battle
- disruption
- upgrades for hazards improves chances. increase speeds
- crew to increase chances
*/

